# Discovery Meeting
## Overview
Initial meeting with the client. Introduction with Duncan and the team. Going over the project overview.

## Agenda
### Introduction
- Ask if we can record meeting 
- Submission screenshots 
- Introduce ourselves and let them introduction themselves

### Project Background / History
- VSTOP system
- Goals

### Existing System
- Current solutions
- Constraints / dependencies

### High-level Features
- Basic Inventory Management 
  - What is the data being tracked? 
  - Are they currently tracked in VSTOP? 
  - Is it possible to provide a sample of the data? 
- At-a-glance dashboard 
  - What are some essential views you would like to see? Like what’s a priority data or view to be displayed 
  - What’s some ways we could personalize it? What info would one want to specifically view? 
- Page Demos 
- Descriptive error messages 
  - How do we know what systems have errors?
- “Magic Link” password management 
  - Like a single sign on system? 
  - Is there an existing system that is being used that has similar capability ?
- Dynamic tables 
  - Are there any more specific features beyond etc. 
- Bulk inventory management actions 
  - Can you elaborate this a little more by bulk actions? 
  - Is there a different permission level involved in this ?
- Static Reporting 
  - If these 2 lists are being generated by the VSTOP, are we just handling the displaying part?
- Dynamic Reporting

Out of all of this what are the ones that are more prioritized than others?

### Tech Stack
- Platform

### Design
- Is there an existing concept or rules that we need to follow?
- Is there a person or team we can contact about design and user experience? 
