# Week of 02/24/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/02/27/4:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2025/02/27/5:00**

## Location/Medium

Online through discord

## Present

Carson, Kevin, Logan, Jose

## Minute Recorder

Kevin

## Topics Discussed

Talk about expectation and what everyone needs to do over break

## Things Clarified

- Talk about tasks for iteration 4 again
- Trouble shoot

## Progress

Carson: Continue fixing the bug with audit functionality & reach out to Duncan to get the SQL script to compare

Jose: Look into filtering and reorder data

Kevin: Look into data permissions, help update the UI

Logan: Continue to work on UI