# Week of 02/16/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/02/20/1:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2025/02/20/2:00**

## Location/Medium

Online through discord

## Present

Carson, Kevin, Logan, Jose

## Minute Recorder

Kevin

## Topics Discussed

Distribute task and troubleshooting some docker stuff

## Things Clarified

- Checking in to make sure everyone is making progress and no blockers & make sure everyone is getting the support they need in order to complete their task
- Workshop

## Progress

Carson: Continue fixing the bug with audit functionality & reach out to Duncan to get the SQL script to compare

Jose: Look into filtering and reorder data

Kevin: Look into data permissions, help update the UI

Logan: Continue to work on UI