# Week of 02/13/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/02/13/9:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2025/02/13/10:45**

## Location/Medium

Online through discord

## Present

Carson, Kevin, Logan, Jose

## Minute Recorder

Kevin

## Topics Discussed

Review iteration 3 meeting
Talk about what was good, was bad, and what needs improve

## Things Clarified

- Frontend test needs to cover more
- Frontend need to update
- Need to fix Logan & Carson's docker issues
- Need to fix audit
  - Need to get more information from Duncan

## Progress

Carson: Continue fixing the bug with audit functionality & reach out to Duncan to get the SQL script to compare

Jose: Look into filtering and reorder data

Kevin: Look into data permissions, help update the UI

Logan: Continue to work on UI