# Week of 01/27/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/01/30/4:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2025/01/30/5:00**

## Location/Medium

Online through discord

## Present

Carson, Kevin, Logan, Jose

## Minute Recorder

Kevin

## Topics Discussed

Continue talk about goals for iteration 3
Check in on tasks that were distribute last time

## Things Clarified

Check in and talk about wht everyone need to do or the progress they made

## Progress

Carson: Continue to fix the bug with audit functionality

Jose: Continue to work on batch request

Kevin: Continue work on login and single sign on link

Logan: Continue to work on UI